no you go out there and show the world I
have myself an indentured servant that
Kelly is his name make a name for
yourself used to teach tequila men
nothing comes free this would be who you
are meant to be the man you pretend to
be you're a boy in for a captain's tell
more today sure we're rebels employers
have you aware dresses
nothing scares a man like crazy you boys
want to build an army
you're bloody bulletproof
are you Dave here mind
don't not now tell Ellen assembly best
thought of man cannot change the past
nor outrun his destiny your Matt know
you're my little man
I am called the coldest murder on record
but others knowing the truth
[Music]
you